More improvements to PR guidelines (#17157)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/guidelines/pr.md

# Pull requests

## Separation of concerns

>   Every pull request should do one thing only for easier Git management. For example, if you are
>     editing documentation and notice an error in the shipped example configuration, you should fix the
>     error in a separate pull request. Doing so will enable a clean cherry-pick or revert of the bug fix
>     should the need arise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Every pull request should do one thing only for easier Git management. For example, if you are
    editing documentation and notice an error in the shipped example configuration, fix the
    error in a separate pull request. Doing so enables a clean cherry-pick or revert of the bug fix
    should the need arise.
```

## Merges

>   We only allow GitHub's [squash and merge][github-squash-and-merge] to keep a clean Git history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Datadog only allows GitHub's [squash and merge][github-squash-and-merge] to keep a clean Git history.
```

=== "integrations-core"

    If you are contributing to [integrations-core](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core) all you need to do is use the [`release changelog new`](../ddev/cli.md#ddev-release-changelog-new) command.

>     It will add files in `changelog.d` folder inside the integrations that you have modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It adds files in the `changelog.d` folder inside the integrations that you have modified.
```

    Commit these files and push them to your PR.
    

>     If you decide that you do not need a changelog because the change you made won't be shipped with the agent, add the `changelog/no-changelog` label to the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you decide that you do not need a changelog because the change you made won't be shipped with the Agent, add the `changelog/no-changelog` label to the PR.
```
